Do not allow pin overrides via requested specs in the CLI (#289)
conda/conda-libmamba-solver: docs/libmamba-vs-classic.md

# `libmamba` vs `classic`

> The `libmamba` solver tries hard to be a drop-in replacement for the `classic` solver.
> However, there are some differences. Some of them are a result of the fundamental differences
> in the underlying solver algorithms, some of them are a result of the implementation details.
> Others are a conscious decision to improve the overall user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `libmamba` solver attempts to be a drop-in replacement for the `classic` solver; however, there
are some differences which could not be avoided. These are the three primary reasons:

- Fundamental differences between the underlying solver algorithms
- Underlying Implementation details
- Conscious decisions made by developers to improve overall user experience
```

I think this is a lot easier to read as a list. It's a lot less wordy too.

## Should I use `conda-libmamba-solver`?

> You should definitely stick to `conda-libmamba-solver` if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep using `conda-libmamba-solver` if:
```

More succinct wording.

For example, if you run `conda install scipy` and do not get the latest version, try using a more explicit command: `conda install scipy=X.Y`.
```

> You might still need `classic` here and there, specially if backwards compatibility is very important in your use case, and you need your environments solved in the same way they have been solved in the past years.
> This is a bit more important in long-lived environments than new ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The classic solver could be important to you if:

- Backwards compatibility is important (i.e. environments must be solved exactly as they always have been)
- The intentional deviations from the `classic` solver (see below) are not acceptable and you prefer the old behavior

These reasons could be especially important if you continue to use long lived environments that were initially created with the `classic` solver.
```

Again, I think the bullet points convey the information more concisely. I also reworded the piece about long lived environments.

```{important}
You can always use `--solver=classic` to re-enable the `classic` solver temporarily for specific operations, even after setting `libmamba` as default.
```

## Intentional deviations from `classic`

With the release of `conda-libmamba-solver`, we took the opportunity to improve some aspects of the solver experience that were not possible to change in `classic` due to backwards compatibility restraints. The main ones are:

* `conda-libmamba-solver` does not use `current_repodata.json` by default. Instead, it always uses the full `repodata.json` files.
* `conda-libmamba-solver` does not retry with `--freeze-installed` by default. Instead, it has a tighter retry logic that progressively relaxes the constraints on the conflicting packages.

> * `conda-libmamba-solver` does not allow the user to override the configured pinned specs by specifying other constraints in the CLI. Instead, it will error early. To override pinned specs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `conda-libmamba-solver` does not allow the user to override the configured [pinned specs](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/stable/user-guide/tasks/manage-pkgs.html?highlight=pinned#preventing-packages-from-updating-pinning) by specifying other constraints in the CLI. Instead, it will error early. To override pinned specs,
```

It might be nice to link to the documentation on pinned specs because it's not a very well known feature.

> it needs to be done explicitly in the relevant configuration file(s).

Reviewer: Does this mean that the pinned file needs to be edited or removed? This is still a little ambiguous.

Author: ```suggestion
it needs to be done explicitly in the relevant configuration file(s) (e.g. temporarily comment one line out, or modifying the pin for a more recent version).
```

> * `conda-libmamba-solver` provides a way to hard-lock a given package to its currently installed version. To do so, specify _only_ the name of the package as a pinned spec. Once installed, the solver will prevent _any_ modifications to the package. Use with care, since this can be a source of conflicts. Adequately constrained pins are a more flexible alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `conda-libmamba-solver` provides a way to hard-lock a given package to its currently installed version. To do so, specify _only_ the name of the package as a [pinned spec](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/stable/user-guide/tasks/manage-pkgs.html#preventing-packages-from-updating-pinning). Once installed, the solver will prevent _any_ modifications to the package. Use with care, since this can be a source of conflicts. Adequately constrained pins are a more flexible alternative.
```
This might need more clarification with an example. Also, doesn't hurt to link to the conda docs once more on what pinned specs are.

We also might consider updating the section in the conda docs on pinned specs to include an example of what that looks like.

## Technical differences between `libmamba` and `classic`

> We know `conda-libmamba-solver` brings a faster solver to `conda`.
> But, why is that? Or, in other words, why couldn't `classic` become faster
> on its own?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We know `conda-libmamba-solver` brings a faster solver to `conda`, but why is that?
And, why couldn't the `classic` solver just become faster?
```

Just thought this sounded a little better 😄.
